# Introduction
UseMods is a mighty, seamless function for effortlessly constructing frontend and SSR applications with vast features, options, and remarkable functionalities. Our library provides a multitude of opinionated functions that are meticulously designed to prioritise and enhance the overall content of your applications. 

With UseMods, you'll have all the bells, whistles, and scooter mirrors you need to create a stunning, fully functional application.

## Features
UseMods is not just any ordinary library, it's a rockstar in the world of frontend and SSR applications. 
- **TypeScript**: UseMods is written in TypeScript, ensuring that you can easily understand and use the library.
- **Opinionated**: UseMods is opinionated, providing you with a set of best practices and conventions to follow when building your application.
- **Modularity**: UseMods is a modular library that allows you to pick and choose the functions you need for your application.
- **Customisation**: UseMods is highly customisable, allowing you to tailor the library to your specific needs. Except in places where it's not, enjoy the ride.
- **Performance**: UseMods is designed to be fast and efficient, ensuring that your application runs smoothly and quickly.
- **Frontend and SSR**: UseMods is designed to work seamlessly with both frontend and SSR applications.
- **Edge Functions**: UseMods works with edge functions, allowing you to easily create and manage edge functions for your application.
- **Nuxt Module**: UseMods works as a Nuxt module, allowing you to easily integrate it into your Nuxt application with extra composables that those Next.js folks can only dream of.

## Why UseMods?
While we can't force you to use UseMods, we can certainly tell you why you should. Mods helps will all the little task, functions and fiddly bits you need to build modern web applications. Some are simple, some are complex, but all are designed to make your life 30% more awesome.

## How can I help?
We're glad you asked! UseMods is an open-source project, and we welcome contributions from the community. Whether you're a developer, designer, or just someone who loves to help out, we'd love to have you on board. You can contribute to UseMods in a variety of ways, including:
- **Developers:** Your coding skills are deeply wanted. From bug fixes and new features to refactoring existing code, every bit of your expertise helps.
- **Documentation**: If you're a writer, you can help improve the documentation for UseMods. Whether it's fixing typos, adding examples, or just clarifying things, your writing, wit and wisdom are welcome.
- **Feedback**: Got ideas, found a bug, or just want to share some thoughts? Your feedback is crucial in shaping the future of UseMods, helping us to improve and evolve.

## Installation
To install UseMods, simply run the following command in your terminal:
```bash
npm install use-mods
```